docs: initial implementation of error guides (#40060)
angular/angular: aio/content/errors/NG8002.md

@name Invalid Attribute
@category compiler
@shortDescription Unknown attribute or input

@description

> This is an error that an attribute or property cannot be resolved during compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An attribute or property cannot be resolved during compilation.
```
I might omit the "This is an error that" part since it seems implicit

> The two causes of this error are that the native DOM element does not have a property we're trying to bind to, or that a component does not have an input we're trying to pass value to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error arises when attempting to bind to a property that does not exist. Any property binding must
correspond to either:
* A native property on the HTML element, or
* An `@Input()` property of a component or directive applied to the element.
```
A tech writer should probably weigh in here, but I'd propose tweaking a bit to better capture directives that may be applied to either native elements or custom component elements.
